Link iOS and Android install pages (#765)
jamulussoftware/jamulussoftware.github.io: wiki/en/Getting-Started.md

    <a href="Installation-for-Macintosh" class="button fx-col-100-xs">macOS</a>
    <a href= "Installation-for-Linux" class="button fx-col-100-xs">Linux</a>
</div>

> _[Android](Installation-for-Android) and [iOS](Installation-for-iOS) can be used too, but are not officially supported._

Reviewer: Maybe something like
```suggestion
_[Android](Installation-for-Android) and [iOS](Installation-for-iOS) can be used too, but are still considered experimental._
```
would be better?

Author: Yes. Applied. Sounds a bit friendlier.
